Add documentation (#1)
DHI-GRAS/react-components-ts: packages/react-components-lab/README.md

<div align="left">

[![CI - lab](https://github.com/DHI-GRAS/react-components-ts/actions/workflows/main-lab.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DHI-GRAS/react-components-ts/actions/workflows/main-lab.yml)

</div>
<h1 align="left">@dhi/react-components-lab</h1>

> This package hosts the incubator components that are not yet ready to move to the core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package primarily serves as the incubator for components that are not yet ready to move to the core package/library.
```

As developers use and test the components and report issues, the maintainers learn more about shortcomings of the components: missing features, accessibility issues, bugs, API design, etc. The older and more used a component is, the less likely it is that new issues will be found and subsequently need to introduce breaking changes.

This package is created using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and [MaterialUI](https://material-ui.com/), built using [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) and bundled using [TSDX](https://tsdx.io/).

> # The mindset of adding a component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The flow of adding a component
```
Mindset doesn't feel like the best word here, but don't really know of better ones

We are aiming for making it as easy as possible for a component to be added to the lab. However, the component needs to fulfill some minimum requirements:

> * [x] The component cannot be implemented by styling a MUI component via the theme (finst. `<Button />` or `<Typography />`). However, if the styling is complex enough and requires a lot of styling (finst. The `<Slider />` component), it can be evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [x] The component cannot be implemented by styling a Material-UI component via the theme (for instance `<Button />` or `<Typography />`). However, if the styling is complex enough and requires a lot of styling (for instance The `<Slider />` component), it can be evaluated.
```
May be immediately clearer

* [x] The component implements an element of the [DHI Design Guidelines](https://www.figma.com/file/pSfX5GNsa6xhKGbi3DWQtn/DHI-Official-Guidelines) or is otherwise generic enough in functionality and close enough to the DHI CVI that it is likely to find reuse in other projects.
* [x] The component needs to be reviewed by at least one of the maintainers.

# Showcase

Our library is showcased on the [Lab Storybook](https://storybooklab.z16.web.core.windows.net/)

# Setting up

> Before being able to install the package, you will need a GitHub token scoped for the DHI organization on github. For doing so, you must have access to the DHI GitHub organization. This token needs to have the permission `read:packages` checked. For doing so, go to your `profile -> settings -> developer settings -> personal access tokens`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing the package, you will need a GitHub token scoped for the DHI organization on github. For doing so, you must have access to the DHI GitHub organization. This token needs to have the permission `read:packages` checked. For doing so, go to your `profile -> settings -> developer settings -> personal access tokens`.
```
